1. What is Python?
A high-level programming language whose syntax relies heavily on proper indentation

2. What is a variable?
A symbolic name to a storage location for data

3. What is a namespace?
A collection of variables with a unique name identifier to avoid naming collisions

4. What is the difference between list and tuple?
A list is mutable, whereas a tuple is immutable

5. How you can convert a number to a string?
Using the str() function

6. What are the rules for local and global variables?
A local variable can only exist within a function's scope, whereas a global variable can be accessed anywhere in a program

7. Explain how to generate random numbers
Import the random module, then call random.randint(min, max)

8. What is a dictionary?
A data structure / collection that consists of key-value pairs

9. What is the self keyword?
Used to refer to the current instance of a class and its properties

10. What are loop interruption statements?
Break and continue; used to interrupt flow of a loop

11. Explain List, Tuple, Set, and Dictionary and provide at least one instance where each of these collection types can be used.
These are all collections. List is used for ordered, mutable collections of data; tuple is used for odered, immutable collections of data; set is used for unordered collections of unique data; and dictionary is used for unordered collections of key-value pairs

12. How is Exception Handling done?
Try-except blocks

13. What does ‘#’ symbol do?
Comment

14. Write the command to get all keys from a dictionary.
.keys()

15. What is range()? Give an example to explain it.
Generates a sequence of numbers. range(2, 10) will generate numbers from 2 to 10.

16. What does the // arithmetic operator do?
Integer division (rounds down to nearest integer)

17. What is a data type?
Defines type of data a variable can store

18. What are the basic data types that are supported by the language?
int, float, Boolean, string

19. How do you check whether the two variables are pointing to the same object?
Using the is operator

20. What is for-else and while-else?
Operates similar to a for/while loop, but the else condition is triggered if the entire loop is cycled through without a break

21. What does immutable mean in the context of programming?
Variable cannot be changed after its creation

22. What is a list in Python?
Ordered, mutable collection of elements

23. What is a tuple in Python?
Ordered, immutable collection of elements

24. When do you choose a list over a tuple?
If you need to change the elements later

25. How do you get the last value in a list or a tuple?
list[-1]

26. What is Index Out Of Range Error?
Occurs when an invalid index is attempted to be accessed

27. Why should a program close a file when it is finished using it?
To release system resources

28. Assume the variable names references a list of strings like ["John", "Sally", "Dale", "Jose", "Apryl"]. Write code that determines whether 'Sally' is in the names list. If it is, display the message 'Hello Sally'.  Otherwise, display the message 'No Sally.
if "Sally" in names:
    print("Hello Sally")
else:
    print("No Sally")
